check out this week's must-see movies
three animals grow to enormous size and
threaten the world in ramping dare make
a little Livia let's get this party
started
a game between friends becomes deadly in
truth or dare do we get there or you
died screw this and you die find a new
buddy Conroy the sergeant wanted a
mascot give the unit a different look
the true story of the most decorated dog
in American military history is told in
sergeant stubby and American Hero
you could all learn something from him
see what's hot in theaters with this
week's fantasy patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]